Expansion and Signposting of General FAQs (#1622)
exercism/website-copy: pages/faqs.md

[Overkill](http://www.kytrinyx.com/talks/overkill) and
[Succession](http://www.kytrinyx.com/talks/succession) talks by Katrina.

## The Basics

### I'm lost. Where do I go?

> You're in luck. Here's a [step-by-step guide](https://teams.exercism.io/getting-started) to get you started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're in luck. Here's a [step-by-step guide](https://exercism.io/getting-started) to get you started.

```

> If something is still really unclear for you or not working then it might be the same for others so we'd appreciate your suggestions. Refer to [Opening an Issue](#opening-an-issue) below for instructions on how you can help us help others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If something is still unclear for you or not working then it might be the same for others so we'd appreciate you letting us know. Refer to [Opening an Issue](#opening-an-issue) below for instructions on how you can help us help others.

```

### How many mentors does my track have? I only see a handful on the website.
The website only shows mentors who have provided bio information for the website, not the actual number of mentors who are actively reviewing solutions. Rest assured, there are mentors working through their queues so hang in there!

### I submitted the wrong solution / file. What can I do?
There isn't a way to delete submissions so just submit the right file and it will show up as a new iteration in the queue. Feel free to leave a note for your mentor with the original submission clarifying what happened.

### How can I report abuse or examples of bad mentoring?
Please check our [Code of Conduct](https://exercism.io/code-of-conduct) for more information about our expectations of conduct. If you would like to report something, please reach out to us at [abuse@exercism.io](mailto:abuse@exercism.io?subject=%5BCoC%5D]) and we will try to fix or resolve the issue respecting both you and your privacy.

## Improving Exercism

### This is great! How do I get involved?

> There are a few different ways - becoming a mentor, managing a language track or reporting (or addressing!) issues on GitHub. You can see more on the [How to Contribute page](https://exercism.io/contribute). Version 3 of Exercism is also being built right now and needs help from track maintainers. The [v3 repository](https://github.com/exercism/v3) has more information.

Reviewer 2: Just a minor nit: people can also contribute to v3 while not being a maintainer:

```suggestion
There are a few different ways - becoming a mentor, managing a language track or reporting (or addressing!) issues on GitHub. You can see more on the [How to Contribute page](https://exercism.io/contribute). Version 3 of Exercism is also being built right now and needs lots of help. The [v3 repository](https://github.com/exercism/v3) has more information.
```

### How do new language tracks get added to the site?
A new language track gets created when a member of the community takes the lead on it and becomes a maintainer of the track. If you'd like to get involved in helping set one up, there are [instructions here](https://github.com/exercism/request-new-language-track/blob/master/README.md).

### Why are issues taking a while to get resolved?
Version 3 of Exercism is being actively worked on, which means that contributors and maintainers are splitting their time between the current version (V2) and the next.

> ### What happened to my Team from the old site?

Reviewer: This should probably point to `teams.exercism.io` and not be in this section

Author: I've moved this to the top and updated the text.

Before submitting an issue, be sure to check the relevant GitHub issue tracker to see if it has already been reported or resolved:

  1. [The Exercism Website or Product](https://github.com/exercism/website-copy/issues)
  2. [The Command-Line Interface (CLI) Client](https://github.com/exercism/CLI/issues)
  3. [Exercises](https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Aexercism-track+org%3Aexercism&type=Repositories) - Select your language and then look at the issues tab

You can search through issues (remove the `is:open` filter to include closed/resolved issues). Try a few different keywords.

### What if my issue is not listed here or in GitHub?
  If your problem hasn't been resolved or reported, then create an issue in the appropriate repository by selecting the green **New issue** button.

Make sure to include the following information:
  1. The output of the `exercism troubleshoot` command (for CLI issues)
  1. Details on the issue you are experiencing
  1. Instructions on how to reproduce the issue
  1. If applicable, reference to any related issue using its issue number (formatted like #1203)

### What if there is an issue with instructions or language on the website?

>   If you have spotted a typo or if you have a suggestion for clearer language or instructions, then [create an issue for Exercism Website Copy](https://github.com/exercism/website-copy/issues/new) with the following information:

Reviewer 2: While the website-copy repo contains text, a lot of the text (including exercise instructions) are actually in a language's repo. And those instructions are in turn based on the data in the [problem-specifications repo](https://github.com/exercism/problem-specifications). So maybe being a little more specific on which language issues goes in what repo could help here?

Author: Thanks @ErikSchierboom - I'll update this with additional text once I've looked into it a bit more!

Reviewer 2: Great! Do you need any help with the text?

Author: Not just yet, but if you have a moment #1623 needs reviewing - it's for the mentors readme!

Author: I've updated this with a link to the tracks search results page - that should give people the right start? If you think that's still not enough (and/or the problem specs repo needs to be linked as well) then would definitely appreciate some more direction. Thanks Erik.

Reviewer 2: Yeah I think that is enough for now. Excellent work!

## Mentored Mode

### My queue hasn't updated in a while - is there something wrong?
While wait times can be longer than normal for a number of reasons (number of mentors, time of year), it can also appear that the queue is not updating. This is not unusual and you should see movement fairly soon. If you your wait is far longer than the average, refer to [Opening an Issue](#opening-an-issue) below.

### How many mentors does my track have? I only see a handful on the website.
The website only shows mentors who have provided bio information for the website, not the actual number of mentors who are actively reviewing solutions. Rest assured, there are mentors working through their queues so hang in there!

### I submitted the wrong solution / file. What can I do?
There isn't a way to delete submissions so just submit the right file and it will show up as a new iteration in the queue. Feel free to leave a note for your mentor with the original submission clarifying what happened.

### How can I report abuse or examples of bad mentoring?

> Please check our [Code of Conduct](https://exercism.io/code-of-conduct) for more information about our expectations of conduct. If you would like to report something, please reach out to us at [abuse@exercism.io](mailto:abuse@exercism.io?subject=%5BCoC%5D]) and we will try to fix or resolve the issue respecting both you and your privacy.

Reviewer 2: I'm wondering if spam bots would pick up the mailto link. @iHiD what do you think?

Reviewer: I'm fine with it, thanks :)
